0.  BMP - 32 bit, over 4 billion colors
    GIF - 8 bit, 256 colors
    JPEG - 24 bit, 16 million colors
    PNG - 24 bit, 16 million colors
1.  GIF is the only format that supports animation
2.  In lossless compression, every bit of data that was in the file pre-compression remains in the file post-compression. Lossy compression, on the other hand,
    reduces a file by eliminating data during compression, especially redundant information.
3.  JPEG is lossy-compressed
4.  When a file is deleted,  the OS merely rewrites the metadata that pointed to the file, but leaves the disk blocks containing the file’s contents intact.
5.  With the design of newer disks (created to avoid recovery problems that were present in older models), going through 
    and overwriting all user data on the drive with one of two passes of random information is sufficient to clear the drive
    of all data and be assured that it is not recoverable.
6.  stdint.h is a header file that declares sets of integer types that have specified widths, and defines a corrosponding set of macro constants.  For the purposes of 
    our program, it makes sure each integer takes up the space it is supposed to, so that we know it is guaranteed to at least have the specified width
7.  The purpose of each of these is so you know what type of integer you are expecting - how large they are (so that you have the necessary amount of space) and whether the integer is signed or unsigned
8.  BYTE - 1 byte
    DWORD - 4 bytes
    LONG - 4 bytes
    WORD - 2 bytes
9.  0x42 0x4d
10. bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file, while biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure
11. This means that it is a top-down DIB, and that biCompression must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS
12. biBitCount
13. ??
14. Because we are always just reading in one pixel at a time
15. Padding is assigned the value of 1
16. Sets the position of the stream to the given offset
17. Current position of the file pointer
18. Rick Astley
